Add note about CMakeToolchain (#437)
conan-io/cmake-conan: README.md

> :warning: **Compatibility with Conan 2.0**: cmake-conan is not compatible with Conan 2.0
> for the moment. Once Conan 2.0 is GA the compatibility between both will be analyzed
> again. Also, please note that CMakeToolchain is not compatible with cmake-conan. If you

> > need yo use it, we would recommend not using cmake-conan, just doing a ``conan install``

Author: ```suggestion
> need to use it, we would recommend not using cmake-conan but just doing a ``conan install``
```

> > need to use it, we would recommend not using cmake-conan but just doing a ``conan install``

Author: ```suggestion
> need to use it, we would recommend not using cmake-conan but doing a ``conan install``
```
